The Traffic Lights System can help you develop traffic in your city. This guide introduces you to Traffic Lights System¡¯s useful features.

Features 

From the main interface, you can find File menu, Edit menu and Help menu on the top; Crossing Types, Crossing Options and States on the left side; start, pause, stop, restart, increase and decrease simulation speed and grid area from middle; Simulation Results on the right side.
	1.	File
		-	New Grid
			Create a new grid.

		-	Load Grid 
			Load a saved grid.

		-	Save Grid
			Save a grid.

	2.	Edit
		-	Undo
			Undo the last action.

		-	Redo 
			Redo the last action.

	3.	Help 
		Display the help manual.

	4.	Crossing Types
		There are 3 different types of crossings: normal crossing, crossing with vertical pedestrians and crossing with horizontal pedestrians.
 
	5.	Crossing Options
		With Crossing Options, you can save a specific crossing, delete a crossing from grid, visit deleted crossings and adjust the Car flow of each lane and Green light interval of every traffic light.

		-	Saved Crossing Manager
			With this button, you can save your crossings in 2 different ways. SavedManagerForm will show up after you click on the button. First way to save crossing: The initial crossing will be saved when you add it to the grid after the SavedManagerForm is open.

		-	Delete
			You can delete a crossing from the grid after you click on the Delete button.

		-	Recycle Manager
			All the deleted crossing will be saved in the Recycle Manager. Recycle Manager will pop up after you click on the button.

		-	Update
			o	You can adjust the car flow with only one lane, all lanes of the crossing where the selected lane located, or all crossings on the grid. The minimum value is 0.
			o	You can adjust the green interval with only one traffic light, all traffic lights of the crossing where the selected traffic light located, or all crossings on the grid. The minimum value is 0.

	6.	States
		It displays your performances on the grid: Place, Delete, Flow change and Interval change from the specific slot. You also can undo and redo your last action.

	7.	Start
		The simulation will start after you clicks on start button.

	8.	Pause
		The simulation will pause after you clicks on pause button.

	9.	Stop
		The simulation will stop after you clicks on stop button.

	10.	Increase / Decrease Simulation Speed
		You can increase the simulation speed with + button, and decrease the simulation speed with ¨C button. The minimum speed is 0.1. 

	11.	Restart
		The simulation will restart after you clicks on restart button. You can find your simulation time on right of restart button.

	12.	Grid 
		You place your selected crossings on the 3*3 grids. From left to right is column 1,2 and 3. From up to down is row 1, 2 and 3.

	13.	Simulation Results
		You will see your simulation results here. You also can save your simulation in an excel file by clicking Save Results. A screen shot of the application will be created when you click Create snapshot.

From the SavedManagerForm, you can find your saved crossings on the left side; Save Crossing option, Search Crossing Information option, Place Crossing option and Clear Saved Crossing Manager option on the right side.
	1.	Saved Crossing display
		The saved crossing will be listed with an id which is based on saved order.

	2.	Save Crossing
		Second way to save crossing: You can save a crossing by entering its column and row.

	3.	Search Crossing Information
		You can search the car flow of a crossing by entering its id.

	4.	Place Crossing
		Place a saved crossing with entering its id and gird location.

	5.	Clear Saved Crossing Manager
		Empty the Saved Manager.

From the Recycle Manager, you can find your deleted crossings on the left side; Search Crossing Information option, Restore Crossing option and Clear Recycle Manager option on the right side.
	1.	Deleted Crossing display
		The deleted crossings will be listed with an id which is based on deleted order.

	2.	Search Crossing Information
		You can search the car flow of a crossing by entering its id.

	3.	Restore Crossing
		Restore the deleted crossing by entering its id.

	4.	Clear Recycle Manager
		Empty the Recycle Manager.
